What is Functional Interface in Java?
Default Functional Interface in Java?
If you have ArrayList.foreach which functional Interface will 
be used?
Do you know about Executor Service?
Latest features in Java?
CompletableFuture in Java?
Have you ever called rest api from Spring boot application
in async manner?
In spring boot can you please explain 
@Qualifier annotation?
Can you tell me what is request param and path variable?
Can you please explain me Transactional annotation?

What is Transactional propagation?Explain

If I have 3 tables to update. I can go for @Transactional annotation
end of that transaction I have another call to rest api and
you have to tolerate when rest api is down or sending some 
exceptions you should still tolerate we should still store 
values to database?In this case how you will configure.

Above question clear:-
Great question — and this is a very common real-world scenario. You want to make sure that:

✅ Database updates for 3 tables are done atomically (all or none).

✅ You call an external REST API after committing the DB changes.

✅ If the API call fails, you do NOT roll back the database changes.

🧠 The Problem
By default, if you put the API call 
inside a @Transactional method, and 
that call throws an exception, Spring will roll back the entire transaction — including your database inserts/updates.
 That’s not what you want here.

Have you used JPA repository?Can you tell me some of
the available methods?Default methods?
May I know the return type of findById?

In Angular can you explain what is event emitter?

Let's consider a page on top we have a form and at bottom
we have list. Which will show what already submitted.
Let's consider there is 5 data already submitted and displayed 
at the bottom of the list .If we go and fill the form and
submit the record it will be 6th record it will go the backend
and store it in the database but immediately how angular will
know 6th entry.How will it immediately display 6th entry
into the table.

What is material style in Angular?

Can you tell me one syntax?Suppose we have JSON it is ES6.
You have JSON it has first name,Last name.
You need to capture firstName Last Name from JSON using ES6.
You need to get firstName from JSON and store it into another 
variable called firstName and lastName to another variable 
called lastName.In order to achieve in old way JSON will be 
stored in some other variable.ES6 it is different how?

explained above question below:-

Great question! You're asking about how 
to extract data from a JSON object using ES6, 
specifically destructuring, which is a cleaner 
and more elegant way compared to the old-school approach.